Add andcli (#1066)
aharris88/awesome-cli: readme.md

- [xiringuito](https://github.com/ivanilves/xiringuito) - SSH-based VPN.
- [hasha-cli](https://github.com/sindresorhus/hasha-cli) - Get the hash of text or stdin.
- [ots](https://github.com/sniptt-official/ots) - Share secrets with others via a one-time URL.

> - [andcli](https://github.com/tjblackheart/andcli) - View 2FA tokens using an encrypted backup from your Authenticator app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [andcli](https://github.com/tjblackheart/andcli) - Work with 2FA tokens from multiple OTP providers.
```
